README.md, before:

<!-- omit in toc -->
# Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Structure of this Repository](#structure-of-this-repository)
- [Writing Conventions](#writing-conventions)
  - [1. Copy the Template Structure to Markdown](#1-copy-the-template-structure-to-markdown)

<br />

<!-- omit in toc -->

# Introduction

I believe note-taking helps me learn more about Python. Therefore, I created this repository to record what I have learned.

docker-compose.yml creates jupyter notebook for code practice. 

<br />

# Structure of this Repository

* Functions
  * Context Manager
  * Dynamic Imports
  * CLI
* Module
  * Package
  * Path
  * String
  * Scheduler
* Data
  * Database
    * Read Files
    * Validate Data
  * Data Processing
* Journal
  * Logs
  * Debugger
  * Error Exception
* Config
* Test
* Web
  * Crawler
  * API
* Snippet

<br />

# Writing Conventions

> Naming convention: using questions or long words help fast understand the whole picture instead of short words

* Introduction
  * why I write this note
* Fundamental Concepts
  * concepts without commands
  * pictures
* Packages (Optional)
  * introduction of packages
  * package name
* Commands 
  * Package 1
  * Package 2

<br />

## 1. Copy the Template Structure to Markdown

```
<!-- omit in toc -->
# Introduction

<br />

<!-- omit in toc -->
# Table of Contents

<br />

# Fundamental Concepts

<br />

# Packages

<br />

# Commands 

```

Commit message:

update: capital of directory, main readme

README.md, after:

<!-- omit in toc -->
# Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Structure of this Repository](#structure-of-this-repository)
- [Writing Conventions](#writing-conventions)
  - [1. Copy the Template Structure to Markdown](#1-copy-the-template-structure-to-markdown)
  - [2. Ensure to Keep Capital of Directories in Git](#2-ensure-to-keep-capital-of-directories-in-git)

<br />


# Introduction

I believe note-taking helps me learn more about Python. Therefore, I created this repository to record what I have learned.

docker-compose.yml creates jupyter notebook for code practice. 

<br />

# Structure of this Repository

* Functions
  * Context Manager
  * Dynamic Imports
  * CLI
* Module
  * Package
  * Path
  * String
  * Scheduler
* Data
  * Database
    * Read Files
    * Validate Data
  * Data Processing
* Journal
  * Logs
  * Debugger
  * Error Exception
* Config
* Test
* Web
  * Crawler
  * API
* Snippet

<br />

# Writing Conventions

> Naming convention: using questions or long words help fast understand the whole picture instead of short words

* Introduction
  * why I write this note
* Fundamental Concepts
  * concepts without commands
  * pictures
* Packages (Optional)
  * introduction of packages
  * package name
* Commands 
  * Package 1
  * Package 2

<br />

## 1. Copy the Template Structure to Markdown

```
<!-- omit in toc -->
# Introduction

<br />

<!-- omit in toc -->
# Table of Contents

<br />

# Fundamental Concepts

<br />

# Packages

<br />

# Commands 

```

## 2. Ensure to Keep Capital of Directories in Git
```
git config core.ignorecase false
```
